c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Isracard.GithubService.Api.dll.config
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Isracard.GithubService.Api.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Isracard.GithubService.Api.pdb
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\obj\Debug\Isracard.GithubService.Api.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\obj\Debug\Isracard.GithubService.Api.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\obj\Debug\Isracard.GithubService.Api.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\obj\Debug\Isracard.GithubService.Api.pdb
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Isracard.GithubService.Models.dll
c:\users\eliyahu.baker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Isracard.GithubService.Server\Isracard.GithubService.Api\bin\Isracard.GithubService.Models.pdb
